LOOK: What if in training for feature 3 the prediction included only users with ratings of 5-10???
In the same manor as testing for feature 3 ???

Remember: all training is, is figuring out the weight to give to feature 3 when making predicitons

Rows in the svd output that originally had more non-zero ratings are likely to have better output predictions.
meaning feature 3 could be improperly weighted from the train step.

However, the current configuration does not need a another group of train users that are within 5-10
becasue it uses the train users that are within 30-50 to train.

this is a flaw in the model...

should test in a new notebook


Answer: this was tested and the best accuracy was not superceded!!!



redme fragments: 

In this notebook the answer to the question, how are movies similair? is answered with the notion of similair text based metadata.
This is the process behind feature_2, another content based predictor. 

How is this data used to define the notion of similair movies and how can it be a potential asset?:


* Three layer combinations are used to show that the approximate best layer combiantion is in the middle grounds for number of layer combination betwen the 2 other models. 


should sufficient memory be removed as a requirment???


found in feature 2 section:


Also, for the current user, a random movie is chosen to be the target movie. If the user is a train user, this movies rating is used as the actual to train the model. If the user is a test user, this movies rating is used as the actual to evaluate the model. If this is real world application of the model, then the rating is unknown.


from readme:

* Effectively, the only parameter set in (cell 1 - cell 4) is the bounds for the number of ratings for a user to be a train user. (the otehr variables stayed)

* This is an important paramter to be set in the early cells (cell 1 - cell 4) becasue it drastically reduces processing time and reduces the size of "constructed_data.csv"


* This is especially critical if even more train and test data was tested with this program, since cell 3 is a relatively expensive cell and can be ignored after running once when testing parameters in (cell 5 - cell 8).


LOOK: anchor tags for navigation hierarchy https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2822089/how-to-link-to-part-of-the-same-document-in-markdown
